Docs: experimental themes (#103024)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/user-management/user-preferences/index.md

1. Update any of the values in the Preferences section.
1. Click **Save** at the bottom of the section.

### View and change themes

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> The **Change theme** drawer is an experimental feature. Engineering and on-call support is not available. Documentation is either limited or not provided outside of code comments. No SLA is provided. Enable the `its-feature-flag` feature toggle in Grafana to use this feature. This feature is automatically enabled in Grafana Cloud.

Reviewer: the feature flag is `grafanaconThemes`

> The **Change theme** drawer is an experimental feature. Engineering and on-call support is not available. Documentation is either limited or not provided outside of code comments. No SLA is provided. Enable the `its-feature-flag` feature toggle in Grafana to use this feature. This feature is automatically enabled in Grafana Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Change theme** drawer is an experimental feature. Engineering and on-call support is not available. Documentation is either limited or not provided outside of code comments. No SLA is provided. Enable the `grafanaconThemes` feature toggle in Grafana to use this feature. This feature is automatically enabled in Grafana Cloud.
```
